remove pause related stuff (#280)
metalbear-co/mirrord.dev: content/docs/overview/quick-start.md

## What's next?
Now that you've tried out mirrord, it's time to get acquainted with its different configuration options and tailor it to your needs:
1. If you'd like to intercept traffic rather than mirror it so that your local process is the one answering the remote requests, check out [this guide](/docs/using-mirrord/steal/). Note that you can even filter which traffic you intercept!

> 2. If your local process reads from a queue, you might want to test out the [copy target feature](/docs/using-mirrord/copy-target/), which temporarily creates a copy of the, allowing you to use the `scaledown` flag to be the only copy so none competes with your local process for queue messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If your local process reads from a queue, you might want to test out the [copy target feature](/docs/using-mirrord/copy-target/), which temporarily creates a copy of the mirrord session target. With its `scaledown` flag it allows you to temporarily delete all replicas in your targeted rollout or deployment, so that none competes with your local process for queue messages.
```
